[ Laughs ]
[ Tires squeal ]
You ready?
Let's do it.
**
* Ooh, you make me live *
When Reba was here last season
as a Mega Mentor,
we became good friends
pretty quick,
and we realized
we had one thing in common.
How about that swing?
And that was golf.
I play really good
after one beer.
[ Chuckling ] Really?
I'm Tiger Woods level
at two beers.
Really?
Yeah.
What happens at three?
I better quit.
[ Both laugh ]
All right, Reba.
Okay.
Everything breaks
towards the river.
* You're my best friend *
Ooh.
* I've been with you such
a long time *
Oh, man!
Just that much!
Oh, no.
Gwen, have you noticed that
it seems like Niall and Reba
are, like,
best friends now?
I know.
It's totally weird.
You're gonna get it.
* Ooh *
[ Chuckles ]
Yes!
Way to go.
I guess we're like
best friends, too, though.
Totally.
Like, remember that
one time we got lunch?
It was totally fun.
[ Reba chuckles ]
Where are they?
What could they
possibly be doing?
Niall:
Whoever gets this wins.
So much fun.
**
Ooh-hoo!
Whoo-hoo!
Congratulations.
Terrible winner.
Same time tomorrow?
Better believe it,
Mister.
* Ooh,
you're my best friend *
Ruthless, again.
**
I cannot believe that
I'm gonna be on "The Voice."
* It's about to go off *
[ Bird chirping ]
I'm right on bird poop.
* Go off *
I'm Laura Williams, I'm 20,
and I'm from Quakertown,
Pennsylvania.
Ooh!
I graduated high school
in June of 2022,
and right now,
I am a dog walker.
I'm a baby sitter.
I'm a food delivery driver.
I'm always writing, too,
like, on my little ukulele,
but I don't gig.
So that is really incredible
to have "The Voice"
as my first gig.
That's crazy.
**
Music has always been
my outlet.
It is what I do to heal.
When I was younger,
I was bullied a lot,
and, you know, those are
your building-block years.
You're gonna believe
what they're saying to you,
that you're ugly,
that you're fat,
that nobody wants to be
around you.
And my parents actually
pulled me out of school.
I remember one time,
she came home and she cried
in her closet,
and I would sit outside
of the closet and cry with her.
And as a parent,
you feel so helpless.
But to see Laura on the other
end of this be a warrior,
'cause I think
she is so brave,
and you wouldn't know
the struggles
that she has
been through.
Everything in my life
I feel like has led
to me being here.
I can't believe
the big V's behind me.
I'm just like...
Every time I see it,
I'm like...there it is.
I'm here.
And I can't wait
to meet the coaches.
[ Cheers and applause ]
To sing in front of these
musical legends
is going to be an honor
and a win in and of itself.
Ohhh!
This is such
a full-circle moment for me
because I am gonna be
singing "Fingers Crossed"
by Lauren Spencer-Smith.
This song is about heartache,
and it really resonates
so much with me
because I had a lot of people
that I thought
that I could trust
that were my best friends,
when at the end of the day,
it seemed like they had
their fingers crossed.
Here we go.
So just to be able
to go out there
and sing about
my life experiences,
it makes everything
that I've gone through
just so worth it
to have this shot.
**
Okay, ready.
Good luck,
guys.
Thank you.
[ Exhales deeply ]
**
* You introduced me
to your family *
Whoa!
* Watched my favorite shows
on your TV *
* Old love songs
we used to play to *
* Funny, now I hate you *
Oh, my God.
* I could say I'm sorry,
but I'm not *
* You don't deserve
the one thing that you lost *
* Now I remember when
you'd call me late at night *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* And I gave you my hours
and advice *
* Just tryna fix you
and all your daddy issues *
* But now I don't even
miss you anymore *
* So I *
* I want all the tears back
that I cried *
* All the hours spent giving *
* Advice on how to write
your songs *
* All you did
was prove me wrong *
* When you said you loved me *
* Well, you must've had
your fingers crossed *
* Your fingers crossed *
* Wish you said you loved me *
* When you didn't have
your fingers crossed *
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Whistles ]
**
Oh, my God!
[ Laughs ]
Four chairs.
I can't believe it.
Holy cow.
Who are you,
and where are you from?
My name is Laura Williams.
I'm from Quakertown,
Pennsylvania,
and I just turned 20
two days ago.
Oh, happy birthday!
Best birthday present
I've ever gotten.
[ Laughter ]
Wow, Laura, you were one
of the best I've heard.
For sure.
I mean, honestly,
like...
No question.
The control that you had
and the character in your voice,
I would have even thought
maybe you wrote that song.
Yeah.
Like, that's how
connected you were.
And for a 20-year-old
to be on this big TV stage
in front of us,
you were so composed
and in control
of your performance.
It was really,
like, major.
Gwen, thank you.
Oh, this is my first gig,
so thank you.
What?!
Oh, my God.
Okay, wait a minute.
No way.
No one
believes you now.
Liar.
[ Chuckles ]
What did you do
before this?
So I was a full-time
babysitter.
I just graduated
high school last year,
and I made the decision
in April
to defer from college
for a year
so I could take my shot
at music,
and here I am,
which is insane, so...
John: Oh, my God.
That's amazing.
Laura, that was so good.
I love your whole vibe.
Really?
Yeah, I love your outfit.
Thank you.
Yes, I love her.
This is a very, very,
very hard song to sing
because it's so snappy.
You need quick breaths,
and most people would get
halfway through that chorus
and pass out.
Yes.
No one could
command the stage
and project that well with
breath control like you.
I would absolutely love
to work with you.
This is amazing.
Thank you, Niall.
What is it called when
a child four years old,
never played
the piano before,
but just gets up on
the piano and starts --
Prodigy.
[ Cheering ]
[ Gasps ]
Are you ca-- Reba.
Are you calling me a prodigy,
Reba?
Because...
Well...
I've been performing
since I was 13.
I just wish I had
the confidence
and the moves
and what you have now.
All I would do
was enhance what --
or try to enhance
what you already have,
which I'm gonna call
a God-given gift.
He did you a big ol' favor
when he gave that to you.
He really did.
Thank you, Lord.
He did, Reba.
You bet, and I'd love
to have you on my team.
Way to go.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you, Reba!
Hello.
Hi, John.
I think part of what the task
of a good coach for you would be
is to not over-coach you
and mess that up.
Right.
Because you're, like, so good
and so raw at the same time.
What kind of artists
do you like to listen to?
Well, a big inspiration
for me is Tori Kelly.
You know, we got that
matching 'do and everything.
Yes, the curls.
I love Sabrina Carpenter,
Taylor Swift, Camila Cabello.
Yes.
You know, my people
One Direction.
Yeah.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Saw you in 2015.
Did you see me in the
nosebleeds in the back?
Oh, yeah,
I seen you.
Yeah.
I know all of them girls
and I know all of them guys.
Yes.
So we're off
to a good start.
[ Laughter ]
May I be the one that
asks you the big question?
He wants to pop
the question.
[ Chuckles ]
You can.
You could do both.
I mean --
[ Chuckles ]
[ Chuckling ]
Here you go.
[ Laughter ]
No, I need that.
I need that.
[ Laughter ]
Laura, who do you pick
as your coach?
Obviously me.
[ Audience shouting ]
Ah! Oh, my God!
Come on, Laura!
**
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, Laura!
Laura!
[ Laughs ]
This is so hard!
**
All right.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
[ Audience shouting ]
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, Laura!
Niall: Laura!
[ Laughs ]
This is so hard!
**
All right.
[ Chuckling ] I'm gonna have
to go with Niall.
Yeah!
* She said, "Hey, it's alright *
* Does it make you feel
alive?" *
The sky is the limit for Laura.
* Don't look back *
Her voice has got
so much character to it.
I'm so happy to get that win.
I think we're off
to a good start.
Thank you so much.
Geez, that was special.
No formal lessons.
No gigs.
I cannot believe that.
That sounds like a lie.
Wait, sign the board
before you go.
I don't care
if the coaches are new,
if they're veterans
of the show --
I'm the champ.
* If it makes you feel alive *
Whoo-hoo!
Dang boy bands.
It reminds me of when
Nick Jonas was on the show.
Oh, my gosh.
He had a similar pull
with a certain generation
of girls.
I loved Laura's performance,
and I'm very upset
that she's a Directioner.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Niall's been a thorn
in my side all season,
and we have no chance
against him with these girls.
[ Cheers and applause ]
* I picked Team Niall,
yeah, yeah, yeah *
What a fun babysitter
she would be.
[ Chuckles ]
That's true.
I was, like, thinking
about nanny hiring.
[ Laughs ]
It's "Morning People,"
Jace.
Hey, Ms. Monét.
I'm Ms. Monét.
I'm 50 years old
from Pittsburg, California.
So I've been a background
vocalist for 33 years.
On my way to my "day job."
When I'm not on tour,
I'm a radio personality
at 91.5 KUNV.
We play smooth jazz music.
This is where
all the magic happens.
My colleagues there
are amazing.
I've always wanted
to have a platform
where I can talk about music
'cause I'm a big music head.
So it's been an amazing
opportunity to express myself.
All right,
let's do more. 91.5.
Jazz and More.
Next.
**
My first job
out of high school
was on tour with Huey Lewis
and the News.
* The power of love *
I was on with Huey
for about three years,
and then from Huey Lewis,
I worked with Eric Benét.
From Eric Benét,
I worked with...
* That's the power of love *
I sung background
for so many artists,
and I thank each
and every one of them.
* That's the power of love *
But now it's my turn
to be seen and heard and felt.
Good luck.
Oh.
Having been
in this industry
for the length of time
that I have,
I have definitely
sacrificed a lot.
Time away from family,
relationships, marriage.
I'm still a single woman.
I didn't have any kids
because of the career.
Yes, there's sacrifices,
but, you know, the outcome is
being on this couch right now.
**
And not only do I want to be
seen and heard worldwide,
but I know I'm the oldest artist
in this competition,
and I think that age
shouldn't be a factor.
**
Man: Ladies and gentlemen, our
next artist is entering now.
Ow!
Whoo!
Whee-haw.
Ms. Monét:
A chair turning for me,
it would mean the world.
It would mean that,
hey, someone gets me.
They understand me,
and I'm on the right path.
**
* Whoo-hoo, yeah *
* Think about it *
* There must be a higher love *
* Down in the heart *
* Or hidden
in the stars above *
* Without it *
Whoo!
* Life's just a wasted time *
Ow!
* Look inside your heart *
* I'll look inside mine *
* Things look so bad
everywhere *
* In this whole world,
what is fair? *
* We walk the line
and we try to see *
* Falling behind
in what could be *
* Yeah, whoa *
* Bring me a higher love *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Bring me
a higher love, oh *
* Bring me a higher love *
* Where's that higher love
I'm thinking of? *
* Love, love, love, love, love *
* Won't you bring me *
* You got to bring me love *
* Oh, oh *
* Whoo, whoo, whoooooo *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Hoo, want some love, yes *
* Love, love, looove *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Hey, there.
Welcome to "The Voice."
What's your name,
and where are you from?
Hello, my name
is Ms. Monét.
I'm from the Bay Area
representing Pittsburg,
California.
[ Cheers and applause ]
God, that was
incredible.
Thank you so much.
The only reason
I didn't turn
is I-I didn't feel like
I could be of help.
[ Laughter ]
It's all good.
I love you still.
I don't know
what I'm doing here.
I've been feeling that way
about you all day, Niall.
Gwen: You're so stupid.
Oh, it's all good.
I mean, it's such
a technical voice
and there's so much
power and control,
and that first note there in the
chorus is a tough one to hit.
It's insane.
I appreciate that.
But I'll tell you what --
look who you've got.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Look at this.
[ Chuckles ]
I know.
I keep thinking it's,
like, some sort of --
A hologram.
A hologram,
that's it, yeah.
Reba's hologram
is here.
I just can't
believe it.
Wow, that was
wonderful.
Thank you.
I love your range,
your energy.
You've been
singing a lot?
I've been singing background
all my life as an artist,
singing with some
friends of yours.
Who?
Whoa.
Faith Hill, Tim McGraw.
I think you know those people.
I think I know them
a little bit, yeah. Good deal.
Queen Latifah,
Tony! Toni! Toné!
The list goes on and on.
Oh, my God.
Ow, get it, girl!
Pretty much every genre
you can think of,
I've been a part of.
Well, I didn't think
you were a newcomer
to this profession.
Thank you.
You seem very polished
and you sang your butt off,
so way to go on that.
Thank you.
Now that you say that
you're a background singer,
it kind of excites me
because I think
that's the one thing
I feel that
I could help you with.
It's frustrating, I think,
to have a voice that's that good
and never really have your star
shine by yourself in front,
and I think a lot of that
just has to do
with letting
your full personality
and your individuality
come through.
Yeah.
I would love to bring that out
and make you shine.
It's funny you say that
'cause we've already worked
together a little bit.
Oh, what?
So, you know, you did a
Christmas album in 2017, right?
Oh, my goodness.
I sung backgrounds
on your Christmas album.
Oh, my gosh!
What?!
Yeah. [ Chuckles ]
* You make it feel
like Christmas *
Yes, me and Blakey!
Yes!
Yes, that's me
wit' you, girl.
[ Laughs ]
I knew it!
I knew I had to press.
Could you imagine
if I didn't press
how stupid
I would feel right now?
[ Laughter ]
It's all love.
Have you sung
with me, too?
[ Laughter ]
Almost.
One of the things about
being a great backup singer
and a great supporting vocalist
with other artists
is that you're very versatile,
you're very gifted.
You can do -- Whatever anybody
asks of you, you can hit it.
It'll just be about
defining yourself as an artist
and as an individual because
you deserve the spotlight.
Thank you
for saying that.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, you know me.
I love to tour and I love
to get to sing harmony,
and I love people
singing harmony with me,
so I would love to have you
on my team also.
So it's up to you.
Which one of us coaches
would you like to select?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Audience shouting ]
It's Reba McEntire.
**
Okay. I'mma say this,
and it's gonna probably
shock everybody.
[ Chuckles ]
Being in the industry for the
length of time I've been in it,
I'm ready to peak
to that next level,
and I think I can reach that
next level with you, Miss Reba.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, my gosh.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Abso-dang-lutely!
Reba: Ms. Monét, her voice
touched my soul.
That's what I'm looking for,
and I highly respect
background singers.
They put so much hard work into
a tour and enhance it so much,
so I was so thrilled
to get her.
Now I'm really anxious to see
how we can further her career.
Gwen.
Got my girl here.
Oh!
Reba!
John: So far,
Gwen's having a rough day,
but both Gwen and I
have been on this show
for quite a long time.
Now we got some newbies.
Thank you very much.
Niall's been here one season.
This is Reba's first season.
They think they know
what they're doing,
but we really know
what's going on around here,
so I think everybody
better watch out.
Do you want to gloat?
No.
Oh, come on.
You gotta rub it in.
* Nah-nah-nah
nah-nah nah *
John: You gotta
rub it in!
Get me.
Get me good.
I really thought
I could be her coach,
and it would be this whole
synchronicity thing
and nope -- Reba.
Reba gets her.
I thought
I had that one.
Uh-huh.
Clearly not, so...
Nah.
I'm a veteran
on the show,
and I would say
it's a little bit unfair
to call Reba a rookie
about anything.
I mean, Reba is killing it,
as she should,
as I thought she would.
But she's got to watch out
'cause you know
I have my block.
I'll tell you
what I do know --
Reba is too good
at this.
She's very good.
Thank you.
Daly: Coming up...
* Sleep *
Daly: ...when the artists
light up the stage...
We're just stunned
right now.
I can't believe
what just happened.
...and kick it
into high gear...
* I saw the light
in a sunrise, sittin' *
Oh, yeah.
"Rah!"
...our coaches have to fend off
the competition.
Who did that
to you, Reba?
[ Laughs ]
You see, they're nice
to you in your face.
That's Hollywood
for you.
[ Laughter ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions
at Universal Studios Hollywood.
John:
A block is a sign of respect.
So they're like,
"This artist is so good,
and I'm most scared
of whoever I blocked."
Okay.
Now out of respect
for me,
I suggest you guys
don't block me.
Never gonna happen.
Just saying.
I'm for sure gonna have
to block him.
Yeah. No.
I'm not your
biggest competition.
No, I know,
but I don't want
to block Reba, okay?
Okay.
[ Chuckles ]
Should we find
a winner?
Let's go.
Man: All right, have a seat,
please. Clear the aisles.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Stand by.
**
John: It's a real fight
this season.
Everybody's got a chance,
and we never know
who they're gonna pick,
so we gotta battle it out.
Our next artist
is entering now.
**
Ohhh, yum.
* Now here you go again *
* You say you want
your freedom *
* Well, who am I
to put you down? *
Pretty.
* Down, down *
Okay.
* It's only right
that you should *
* Play the way you feel it *
* But listen carefully
to the sound *
* Of your loneliness *
* Like a heartbeat,
drives you mad *
* In the stillness
of remembering *
* What you had *
* And what you lost *
* So thunder only happens
when it's raining *
What?
* Players only love you
when they're playing *
* I said women, they will come
and they will go *
* When the rain washes
you clean, you'll know *
Whoo!
* You'll know *
* Oh, oh, ohhh *
Ahhh!
[ Laughs ]
John: Blocked!
Oh, my God.
You did that?!
What?!
[ Audience chanting "Gwen" ]
I'm sorry!
[ Chuckles ]
Ahhh!
[ Laughs ]
Who did that
to you, Reba?
Gwen did.
[ Laughter ]
You see, they're nice
to you in your face,
and then...
I am not
two-faced, okay?
That's Hollywood
for you.
Oh, that is Hollywood
Oh, my gosh.
Okay,
so what's your name?
My name is Jason Arcilla.
I'm 34.
Well, way to go.
That was a great song choice.
This song
was special to me.
It just reminds me
when I was very young,
mom's at home
blasting music,
and it's just a really good song
that touches my heart.
I sing this song every Sunday
back at home in Hawaii.
I do a lot of R&B stuff,
and I love reggae and blues.
A lot of the times,
I play classic rock
that I'll turn into reggae.
Turning any song into a reggae
song, it's good fun,
but I actually put music
aside for 10 years
so I could provide
and raise my daughter.
I had her when
I was in high school.
It was a baby raising a baby,
and I was forced to grow up.
Me and Mom split up.
I became a single father.
Now I get to show my daughter
who I am,
and she's gonna be able
to see her dad
putting himself out there,
and I think that's
the most beautiful thing.
There's a lot of things that
I look for in a song choice,
but it's got
to touch my heart
if I want to record it
or sing it.
That's what you did today,
touch my heart.
Mahalo.
Thank you.
Welcome to the show.
We're so excited
to have you here.
What I loved the most
about your performance
was that roundness
in your tone.
It was just
really gorgeous
and just made us all feel
closer to you as a performer.
Um, it was very
welcoming.
Mahalo.
How do you feel about
Gwen depriving you
of the chance
to work with Reba?
Oh, my God.
That's so mean, you guys.
She was turned around for you.
I'm the nicest person.
I didn't even realize
that block was there.
You did it very slickly.
Yeah.
Like another person I know
that you live with.
[ Laughter ]
I had a lot of lessons
from Blake before we started.
Knows all
the tricks.
All the blocking
technique moves, yes.
She's the sweetest
person on earth,
and to even say
these things about her...
Until she blocks you.
I know,
you're so mean.
I am so stoked
that you did turn for me.
When you first came in
and you were, um,
changing up a little bit
of the rhythms or the melodies,
I thought you were
a woman.
Yeah, I did, too.
It was so soft,
tender, beautiful.
And this is a hard song
to do
because we all love
the original.
Stevie's voice
is so recognizable,
but the more that I listen,
the more I was like,
"Oh, my God, this guy
is unique-sounding."
And it was so soothing
and beautiful.
I was like, "I'm gonna
press my button."
And so you're on my team
no matter what.
I am so stoked!
Oh, my God.
Niall: It was an
amazing audition.
You were nearly kind of
whispering your way through it.
I just heard a couple
of little pitchy moments,
but I'm so glad
that this happened,
this is hilarious.
And I'm so happy that
you get to work with Gwen.
And she's mean,
but she's a good singer.
I'm not mean.
[ Laughter ]
Congratulations.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Mahalo.
I am so sorry, Reba,
but I had to.
To me, it's not really
about genre as much as it is
just about someone
that is authentic, original.
Jason has such
an understated voice,
and that's the kind of voice
that I would actually listen to.
Sorry I blocked
Reba.
[ Chuckles ]
Your only chance
to work with a legend.
I cannot believe
Gwen did that to you.
I did not -- I-I had no idea
she did that.
Reba and I have gone
head-to-head a few times now,
and I guess we got
similar tastes in music,
But I don't like
fighting against her.
Can you believe
Gwen blocked me?
I was just sitting over here
minding my own business.
Hmm, we'll see how that fares.
[ Ding! ]
It's just a game, okay?
[ Laughter ]
It's not a game,
and I'm gonna throw a fit.
No, I'm not.
[ Laughter ]
I love you.
Daly: As our coaches start
building their teams,
start building yours.
Get the "Voice" official app now
and play along.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Okay, now I'll do one
on you.
Hi, Niall.
Hello, Mama Reba.
Hi, Gwen.
Hi!
Are y'all having fun?
Yes.
Having a great time.
Oh.
This is fun.
John's down there
not talking to us.
Oh, hi.
Are we social-ing?
We're social-ling.
[ Laughter ]
Hello, social people.
Hi, Reba.
Y'all are so cute.
[ Laughter ]
Social-ing.
Are we social-ling?
[ Chuckles ]
Giuliana: Rock 'n' roll
is a lifestyle.
It's a form of expression,
just getting out there
and getting loud.
A way of showing
everybody, like,
"Hey, this is who I am.
I like to rock."
[ Laughs ]
I'm Giuliana Amaral.
I am 21 years old.
I'm from New Bedford,
Massachusetts,
and I love rock 'n' roll.
Growing up, my grandpa
was a bass player.
We jammed together
in the living room,
listened to some records.
He really taught me
how to rock.
[ Laughs ]
I think it was
around high school
that I started to discover
who I was as an artist.
I started wearing spikes
and leather, fishnets.
I started my own band,
and I'm here now.
[ Laughs ]
I love my granddaughter,
the way she sings.
When she sings
some of the songs...
oh, my God.
[ Chuckles ]
Grandma's getting emotional.
Me too, my gosh.
I will be singing
"Rainbow in the Dark" by Dio.
I just love the meaning
behind it --
go out there and just, like,
show the world who you are,
what you have to offer.
Don't hold back and be
a rainbow in the dark,
be a rainbow.
Man: Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist.
I will literally be
in the dark
in front of four chairs,
and I have to try
to get my voice across
and try to show who I am
through the power of music.
And I'm just gonna
go out there, have fun,
and bring some rock 'n' roll
to the "Voice" stage.
**
* When there's lightning *
* You know,
it always brings me down *
* 'Cause it's free
and I see that it's me *
* Who's lost and never found *
* I cry out for magic *
* I see it dancing
in the light *
* It was cold *
* Lost my hold to the shadows
of the night *
**
* No sign of the morning
coming *
You like it?
I do.
* There's no sign of the day *
Oh, Reba, come on.
Thinking about it.
* You've been left on your own *
* Like a rainbow *
* Like a rainbow in the dark *
* Ohhh *
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
Wow.
Niall: Hello.
Hi.
What's your name?
My name
is Giuliana Amaral.
I'm 21, and I'm from
New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The reason I didn't turn,
it was just --
the kind of voices
that stand out to me
would be ones that I hear,
like, a bit of everything
that the voice
has to give.
You know, throughout the song,
it just kind of --
it had one pitch
or one level of volume
and it kind of
stayed there,
but that is literally the only
reason why I didn't turn.
Your voice is amazing,
your tone is really piercing,
and was so happy to hear
a female rock voice.
Thanks so much
for coming down.
I'm sorry
we didn't turn.
Thank you so much.
I agree with Niall in the sense
that, like, on these auditions,
I feel like sometimes,
you're kind of waiting to hear
what diversity
or what you can do
because we have
to figure out, like,
what are the songs
you're gonna do
and how are you're gonna compete
with everybody else.
And I think just hearing
that one tone, that was a --
You're really
perceptive sometimes.
Thank you.
Yes.
I think I know
what I'm doing.
[ Laughter ]
But I also noticed
a lot of tuning things,
especially at the end,
but that was a little bit of
the reasons why I didn't turn,
but thanks for coming
to sing for us.
Thank you.
So best of luck
to you.
Please come back
and try it again.
Thank you so much
for this great opportunity.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you, Giuliana.
John: You know, it's been
a slow start of the day...
* Like a rainbow
in the dark *
...but my strategy is always
turn for people
that really move you, and if
I'm gonna turn my chair,
I'm gonna make sure
it's somebody exciting
that's really gonna
add something special
to Team Legend.
Come on, John.
Man: Our next artist
is entering now.
**
I'm Kaylee Shimizu.
I'm 17, and I'm from
Ewa Beach, Hawaii.
Living in Hawaii is amazing.
I'm from the island
of Oahu,
and one of our favorite beaches
is Ko Olina.
I'm here at Ko Olina's
secret beach.
It's really pretty here.
Let me show you guys around.
**
Wow.
Such beautiful palm trees.
I have such
a big family there,
so we do a lot of stuff
together.
We like to have gatherings
and hang out and sing.
I started singing
at the age of seven,
and lately, I've been busking
on the side of Waikiki strip.
I'm fresh out of high school.
I don't have any plans
for college at the moment,
so, like, this is the biggest
opportunity of my life.
Getting a chair turn would
honestly be a dream come true.
I'm hoping this opens
more doors
because I really want
to pursue singing.
So family gatherings,
they all sing
well above average,
and they say, "Oh, Anthony,
oh, come sing."
You think I like to sing?
Oh, man. Super hard for me.
[ Laughs ] Yeah.
[ All vocalizing ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Vocalizes ]
And he has some
good dance moves, too.
Excellent.
We'll save that
for another show, though.
[ Laughs ]
"The Voice" will be the biggest
stage I ever performed on.
It feels unreal to me,
like, I'm really about
to step on that stage.
I can't believe that
right now.
For my blind audition song,
I'm singing "Golden Slumbers."
My great grandpa was
the biggest supporter ever.
So when I sing this song,
I feel very reassured
because there's this
one part that goes,
"Sleep pretty, darling,
do not cry,"
meaning, "Don't worry."
He would be
at every performance.
He loved hearing me sing.
He was like, "Papa's so proud
of you, girl."
Um [chuckles]
[ Sniffles ]
**
He passed away
due to leukemia.
It was tough not seeing him
at my performances.
I know he's watching
over me.
He was basically telling me
to never give up on my dreams.
Love you, guys.
Love you.
Love you, love you,
love you.
So my family is, like --
they're everything to me.
Man: Our next artist
is entering now.
Come on, come on.
I need somebody.
I'll be thinking about him
the whole time I'm on the stage.
I'm thinking about him 24/7.
But for sure, on the stage.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
**
* Once there was a way *
Ooh.
* To get back homeward *
Pretty.
* Once there was a way *
Beautiful.
* To get back home *
* Oh, but, darling, do not cry *
* And I will sing a lullaby *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Golden slumbers
fill your eyes *
Yes!
* Smiles awake you
when you rise *
Sing!
Oh. Wow.
* Sleep *
[ Chuckles ]
Yes!
* And I will sing a lullaby *
Wow,
so beautiful.
* Once there was a way *
* To get back home *
Sing!
* Once there was a way *
[ Chuckles ]
* To get back home *
Yeah!
* And I will sing *
* A lullaby *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ahhh!
Wow, that was
so good.
Daly:
Congratulations.
**
Amazing!
Four chairs!
Four-chair turn!
Oh, my goodness! Hey!
Hello!
What is your name?
Where are you from?
My name is Kaylee Shimizu,
and I'm 17,
and I'm from
Ewa Beach, Hawaii.
We're just stunned
right now.
I can't believe
what just happened.
Your voice was just
dazzling.
It was so creative.
It was so musical.
Did you grow up
singing?
I grew up singing karaoke,
Filipino family,
so I've been singing
for my whole life.
Can you imagine going
to a karaoke bar
and then hearing
this performance?
It doesn't sound like that
when I go, I'll tell you that.
[ Laughter ]
Do you have some folks
with you?
Can I bring them up?
Bring them up here.
Come on! Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Hello.
So everybody sings?
Not me.
Not Dad.
What kind of songs are you
interested in doing on the show?
I love soulful R&B.
Sounds good.
Sounds like a perfect fit
for Team Legend.
Sounds good.
[ Chuckles ]
You know you could win
"The Voice," right?
And doing it
on Team Legend
would be just a dream
come true for me.
And you just had
so much confidence
delivering these
impossible notes,
and I want
to work with you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I absolutely
am blown away by you.
Your vibrato, it's so slow
and like a wave.
It's like
woo, woo, woo.
And it feels like you have
so much control over that.
I've never heard
anything like that before.
And I think it's because
you are so young and free,
to be able to have
the stage now to do it on
was probably even
fueling your fire more.
I could feel it.
You're like, "I finally get
to show everybody
what God gave me.
I have this thing."
Yes, yeah.
Right?
I think I could be
a really great coach to you.
I love coaching.
Please, please pick me.
[ Chuckles ]
Niall: I cannot believe
what I just witnessed.
That was just
unbelievable.
When we talk about
technically gifted,
I've never met
anyone so gifted.
The song choice was perfect,
by the way.
Thank you.
'Cause sometimes those kinds
of songs can be kind of linear,
and you just did
the complete opposite with it,
made it your own,
and just, like,
ripped it apart,
put all the different parts
of your voice in there.
I would --
like everyone else --
would absolutely love
to work with you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
When I was 17,
I had not the imagination
to be even thinking
about singing like you.
I'd never heard anybody do
what you did on the stage today.
It was spiritual
to me.
I also sang with my brother
and sister.
We'd holler at Mama,
she'd be in there
cooking dinner,
and she'd say, "That's perfect.
Now do it again."
And she'd go back
to cooking.
That's her.
Family.
Did the same thing.
Yes.
I've got years
of experience touring
and being in an ensemble group
on Broadway,
so I would love
to get to work with you.
Love to have you
on Team Reba.
Obviously, we'd love
to coach you.
Who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
I choose...
...John as my coach.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Kaylee, Kaylee, Kaylee.
[ Squeals ]
Incredible range.
It's like she's a young
Ariana Grande.
Yes!
Listen, Niall had some
beginner's luck last season,
but I think he still
has a lot to learn.
Kaylee, why'd you
break my heart like this?
I'm so sad.
Why did you have to go
with Legend of all people?
Together:
Team Legend! Whoo!
Yes!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
I have to say,
congratulations.
Congratulations.
Oh, that was nice.
I needed that.
It was worth waiting for,
I'll tell you that.
**
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Okay, update
from Blake.
"I'm cutting loads
of firewood right now."
Aww.
Aww, how cute.
Tell him
we miss him.
He never
texts me back.
John: It's kind of weird
not having my old buddy
Blake around anymore.
**
But sometimes, it feels like
he is still here.
**
Like, he's everywhere.
I don't know.
It's probably just in my head.
Yeah, it's definitely
in my head.
People say I've got a pretty
good Blake Shelton impression.
* No pressure at all *
You know?
I don't know.
It's like the "uh,"
the little slide he does
into everything.
I love it.
**
My name is Bias.
I'm 23 years old.
I'm from Chattanooga,
Tennessee.
Loud and proud, baby.
I currently gig at Champy's
Fried Chicken restaurant.
That's real country,
ain't it?
[ Chuckles ]
I first got into music
when I was four years old.
My dad, he said that "You can do
whatever you want to do in life,
from a ballerina
to a football player."
And he looked at my brother --
I have a twin brother --
and he said, "But you're gonna
play the drums
and you're gonna
play the bass,"
so that's what
we've been doing,
and I've been drumming
ever since.
He has so many
different voices,
genres that he can do
with his voice,
and most of the time,
you can hear a concert
in the shower
when he's taking
a shower.
I like a good shower.
So yeah.
Musically, I've grown so much
in the past year
being a worship pastor.
I didn't even play
the guitar before.
Now I play the guitar.
But I also think being
a worship pastor
shows you how to communicate
with people
and learn how to connect.
I think I'm still trying
to find the balance
between worship leading
and being an artist.
I can't necessarily
kick over a mic stand
on a worship stage,
you know?
But as an artist, man,
I'm just ready
to tear stuff up.
The Bible says,
"Reach the masses."
And so for me to be here now,
it's a dream come true.
It really is.
Man: Our next artist
is entering now.
For the blind auditions,
I'm singing "God's Country"
by Blake Shelton.
I know when Gwen
hears the intro,
it's gonna spark her ear.
I'm gonna win this one, I think.
If it's good.
She knows the song
pretty well,
so I just hope I can knock it
out of the park for her.
**
Come on, baby,
you got this.
**
Hey!
* Right outside of this
one church town *
* There's a gold dirt road
to a whole lot of nothing *
* Got a deed to the land,
but it ain't my ground *
* This is God's country *
* I saw the light
in a sunrise *
* Sittin' back in a 40
on the muddy river side *
* Gettin' baptized
in holy water and shine *
Hard song to sing.
* With the dogs runnin' *
* Saved by the sound
of the been found *
* Dixie whistle in the wind,
that'll get you heaven bound *
* The devil went down to Georgia
but he didn't stick around *
* This is God's country *
Come on, let's go!
* When it's my time,
lay me six feet deep *
* In God's country *
* I saw the light
in a sunrise *
* Sittin' back in a 40
on the muddy river side *
* Gettin' baptized
in holy water and shine *
* With the dogs runnin' *
* Saved by the sound
of the been found *
Ohhh!
* Dixie whistle in the wind,
that'll get you heaven bound *
* The devil went down to Georgia
but he didn't stick around *
* This is God's country *
* The devil went down to Georgia
but he didn't stick around *
* This is God's country, yeah *
Oh, yeah!
Yeah!
Let's go!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yes!
Oh, my gosh.
Wow!
All right!
Are you serious?
Where are you from,
and what is your name?
My name is Bias.
I'm from Chattanooga, Tennessee,
and I'm 23 years old.
Wow.
Way to go.
Niall: Lovely
to meet you, man.
Some of the pitch issues
that I was hearing
were literally the reason
why I didn't turn.
And also, Blake
will tell you,
that's a very,
very hard song to sing.
I remember when he first
started singing it live,
he would be like,
"Oh, my God,"
because it takes
so much air.
I mean, you got the approval
from the Queen of Country...
And the Queen
of Shelton.
[ Laughter ]
[ Chuckling ]
You're doing all right.
Welcome
to "The Voice."
I appreciate that.
Thank you.
I'm so glad I turned around
so I could see the end of that.
That was just --
I'm glad, too.
It was crazy.
I appreciate it.
He was literally
kicking at the sky.
Yeah.
Really?
[ Laughs ]
I loved your energy.
I love your spirit.
And at the end
of the song,
you had some really cool
kind of texture and growl
that if I was
your coach,
I would try to bring
that out more.
I think it's just
really exciting
to meet a young
country guy
that has that much
spark and energy,
and I would love
to work with you.
I appreciate that.
My name is Gwen Stefani.
Oh, my gosh.
No, wait, wait.
My name is Gwen Shelton.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, oh.
Just a phone call away.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now I feel like she's gonna
cast some evil spell on me.
Don't let the diamonds
distract you.
Don't -- Don't cast
a spell on me.
[ Laughter ]
Now, when you
started singing,
and then the crowd
got into it,
I knew you must have been doing
something really good out here.
I was trying to do
a little bit.
And I thought, "Oh, my gosh,
I love the way he sings."
That's when I hit my button,
and I was so glad I did
because you were kicking
some major butt out here.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you, Miss Reba.
I appreciate that.
We have some great
Reba Tots over there
that we go over
there and eat
after you say, "I'm gonna
be on Team Reba."
I hear that.
I'm a tot guy.
I like me some tots.
There you go.
[ Laughter ]
Meant to be.
Just sayin'.
I've been listening to you
for a long time,
ever since
I can remember.
And I love Blake Shelton.
I actually do a li--
You like
"Hollaback Girl"?
I do like a little
"Hollaback Girl."
I'm sure I can put a little
twang in there, but, uh...
[ Laughter ]
What I loved
the most
was how soulful
your rendition was.
I thought it was a really
cool take on Blake's song.
And the fact that
you were able to nail it
in the way that you did,
I thought was very impressive.
Thank you, John.
Now you have to pick
between Queen Shelton
and the Queen
of Country.
[ Audience shouting ]
**
Who do you think?
Should it be Gwen or Reba?
**
I'm gonna have
to go with Gwen.
What?!
Are you serious?!
But you see...
Bias, that was a shocker.
Are you serious?
It was the ring.
Reba is the Queen
of Country,
but I feel like,
you know,
I have my eyes
on the country world now,
and to have a country person
on my team
is really important to me.
Bias is really unique,
and I can't wait to go home
and tell Blake about this guy.
I-I just knew
I had him.
I just --
I'm shocked.
This Blake Shelton/Gwen Stefani
arrangement
is winning her a couple
of country artists.
I was working it
so hard.
I think Blake's spirit
is hovering in the room.
[ Groans ]
Niall:
He's here somewhere.
Where are you?
He's hovering.
Bias was really good,
but Gwen was pulling
the Blake card.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I've known Blake longer
than Gwen's known Blake.
My gosh.
Anyway, he chose her.
Next.
Did you get to see
the dancing?
Yes.
Oh, my gosh.
Yeah, kicking his leg.
John: What was he doing?
He was like, "Rah! Rah!"
Was he? Right?
Just like Blake
would do.
[ Laughs ]
Exactly -- Exactly
as Blake would do.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
How have the coaches
been with you?
They've been good?
They've been nice?
They were kind of, you know,
uptight at first, but then...
They're loosening up?
Loosening up.
They're talking
behind our back.
I think they're
talking behind us.
Daly: Hey, guys.
Shh, shh,
it's Carson and Reba.
Shh, quiet. Hi.
I know you guys
are talking about us.
She was saying very good
things about you.
Ohhh.
When Blake was here,
it usually meant bad-mouthing.
[ Laughter ]
You won the show.
Yeah.
So do you come back with some
confidence off the win?
Oh, no doubt.
I'm enjoying
being reigning champ
and, uh, try and win
the thing again.
As high as you've gone,
the more distance
you have to fall.
Oh, no.
Have you been turning
for more country artists?
Gwen is a transplanted
country music professional.
This is where
you just look at life
and you go, "You never know
what is gonna happen."
And I've known you
for 20 years,
and now you turn
for country artists
with the great
Reba McEntire,
and you have -- you have
credibility to do so.
She does, absolutely,
she does.
It's so fun.
Let's go get some more, guys.
Good luck.
I'm ready.
* I'm not really
singing anything *
But I look like I am.
My name is
David Simmons Jr.
Lean the mic kind of
towards me.
Yeah, there it is.
I am 40 years old
from Kansas City, Missouri,
but now live in
Hollywood, California.
**
I have been doing a lot
of session work
and some background work
for different artists,
having small moments
where I dip my toe in,
but I haven't really
taken the opportunity
to really just go out there
and show myself,
and I'm ready to do that.
I grew up in a pretty
religious household,
and as a young person,
I knew I was gay,
so the main fear
throughout my life
was just this fear of being
known because of who I am.
And as I got older,
I felt so small,
like I didn't exist.
Man, fear, it just -- really,
it can grab ahold of you
and just not let go,
but it's something that I don't
allow to rule my life anymore.
When I was 27 years old,
I decided to move in with my dad
and tell him that I'm gay.
He told me that he loved me
and that there was nothing
I could do or say
that would change that,
and I feel like
that was the first time
I felt like I was
living my truth.
It's been, um, a joy to see
him liberated in a sense,
and it matches the joy
in his singing.
Their support means
everything to me.
I used to sing songs together
with my dad at church,
and to have him here,
knowing that we both come
from this world of music
is -- it's just so awesome.
I am a R&B soul singer,
but I like giving it
a little funky twist.
I love taking songs
that don't sound like me
and making them sound like me.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm so excited.
So I am pumped, I'm ready,
and I'm gonna turn some chairs.
**
* Sometimes I feel
I've got to run away *
* I've got to get away *
* From the pain you drive
into this heart of me *
* The love we share *
* Seems to go nowhere *
* And I've lost my right *
* I toss and turn,
I can't sleep at night *
* Once I ran to you *
* Now I'll run from you *
* This tainted love
that you've given *
* I give you all
a boy could give you *
* Take my tears
and that's not nearly all *
* Tainted love *
* Taaainted love *
Turn around.
* Tainted love *
* Oooh, eh, ehhh *
* Do do ba da dup *
[ Cheers and applause ]
My goodness.
Hello.
What is your name,
and where are you from?
My name is David Simmons.
I am from Kansas City,
but I live in Los Angeles,
and I'm 40 years old.
Well done, David.
Did you have any part
of the arrangement of that?
Yeah, I kind of arranged it
with some friends of mine,
this group called
Scary Pockets.
They do a lot
of different covers.
Ryan Lerman.
Ryan Lerman, yeah.
Yeah, Ryan plays
with me.
Oh, my gosh! Really?
Oh, my God.
He, like, arranged
a whole tour for me
and led the band.
Wow. [ Chuckles ]
You sounded, like,
a little shaky,
so it felt like nerves to me
that held you back
because as you started
to warm up into the performance,
it was getting better
and better.
I thought it was a really
creative flip of the song.
Thank you.
I'm trying to give a good
reason why I didn't turn.
I guess just the disconnect
to the lyrics somehow,
but you're really,
really gifted.
Thank you.
Hi, David.
I just didn't feel
it was right for my team,
unfortunately,
but you're a huge talent
and it's very nice
to have you on "The Voice."
I appreciate it.
Thank you, guys.
Thanks, David.
Thank you, David.
Thank you.
I really look
for heart and soul.
A person who can win,
a song touches them,
they sing it,
and then it touches
the listener.
I've been very fortunate,
very blessed
to get to win things
in my career,
and I'm really excited
to help somebody else
win this competition.
Nothing just...
stood out.
When you feel it,
you feel it.
Mm-hmm.
Like, when you're not
looking at them.
Right. So true 'cause
it is "The Voice."
Daly: Coming up...
* I'm heeere *
Daly:
...fiery performances...
**
...turn into fierce
competition.
I've got my award-winning
belt buckle here.
Look, look at my
pretty dress.
Look at my
matching jacket.
[ Laughs ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Niall: Hello, Gwen.
All I can think about
is tater tots right now.
[ Chuckles ]
What are they?
They're just only just potatoes?
Yeah, grated up potatoes
stuck together, fried.
Is it like a -- like
a mini hash brown?
It is, in a
different shape.
Oh, really?
[ Speaking Vietnamese ]
So I am a first-generation
Vietnamese-American.
My parents were born
in Vietnam,
and they moved over here
at a very young age
and then they had me.
I just always loved being,
like, a Vietnamese girl,
getting to dress up
with our traditional dresses,
the cooking, the partying.
Yeah, I just love
everything about it.
My grandma has had such
a big impact on my life
ever since I was a kid.
I think my grandma's dream
was to always sing and perform
'cause that's what
she always loved doing.
She got me and my siblings
all invested in it.
Because she didn't have the
opportunity back in Vietnam,
I feel that she's putting
all her work in me
and I feel like
she's like part of me, so...
After school,
I teach her how to speak Vietnam
and how to sing Vietnam.
You show how
to cook, too.
Yes, and...
[ Chuckles ]
Vietnamese cuisine.
Ow.
I say it's okay.
We -- We --
Dad, you know
you eat it all the time.
[ Laughter ]
Once my dad found out
that I was able to sing
eventually at the age
of seven
is when he enrolled me
in vocal lessons,
and that's when I found
my passion for singing.
I'm, like, super happy
about that.
Like, being here already
is such an honor,
but, like, if I were
to get a chair turn,
it's just like all their work
that they've put into me,
like my grandma and my parents,
it's just, like, paid off.
Like, it's another kind
of milestone in my life.
They do support me a lot.
[ Exhales sharply ]
**
Right now, I'm about
to go on stage
and the nerves are nerving,
butterflies are flying
in my stomach.
I'm gonna go out there
and bring my A-game,
sing my heart out,
hopefully not faceplant.
**
* Closed off from love *
* I didn't need the pain *
* Once or twice was enough *
* And it was all in vain *
Ooh.
* Time starts to pass *
* Before you know it,
you're frozen *
Ooh.
* Ohhh, ohhh *
* But I don't care
what they say *
* I'm in love with you *
* They try to pull me away *
* But they don't know
the truth *
* My heart's crippled
by the vein *
* That I keep on closing *
Ooh.
* You cut me open and I *
* Keep bleeding,
keep, keep bleeding love *
* I keep bleeding,
I keep, keep bleeding love *
* You cut me open *
* Oh, and it's draining
all of me *
* Oh, they find it
hard to believe *
* And I'll be wearing
these scars *
* For everyone to see *
* You cut me open and I *
* Love you *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Keep bleeding *
Whoo!
* I keep, keep bleeding love *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Whoo! Ha!
Oh. Cutie.
Hi, little cute girl.
Hi.
What is your name?
My name's
Rachele Nguyen.
I'm 17 years old, and I'm from
Cypress, California.
Oh!
That's cra--
I -- You know that I went
to junior college in Cypress.
Really? Oh, my God.
I'm -- Well, I'm hoping
to go there soon.
Yeah, I went there.
I thought I was going to do,
like, interior design,
and then I realized
you have to know math,
and then I was like,
"Nope."
Same, same.
You and I are sisters.
I know we are.
[ Laughter ]
For the style of singing
that you were doing
with runs
and all that,
like, kind of more
R&B-ish kind of lane,
I think when you do
runs like that,
you have to, like,
map it out
and you've got to be,
like, clear
on when you're going
to do them,
and I think
that's just something
that's gonna come
with time,
but you're off
to a really good start
and you're adorable.
Thank you.
To do like a Ryan Tedder/
Leona Lewis thing
at your age,
it did make me really excited
to hear what you will
sound like
when you mature
into your voice.
I'm very sorry
that I didn't turn.
I mean...
Well, the queen
turned around for you,
so that's really
all that matters.
[ Cheers and applause ]
But I tell you what,
it's gonna be an
amazing experience
for you to go through
a competition like this,
and who better to be
in the hands of than Reba?
Thank you for that.
You're very sweet.
Well, Rachele, I'm thrilled
to pieces that I did turn,
and I'm gonna
tell you why.
I'm a third-generation
rodeo brat.
We had a lot
of horses,
and sometimes, you get a horse
that is so good young,
and you can't wait
for that all to blossom,
and you get to be
a part of that journey.
Aww.
That's what
I'm looking forward to.
Thank you, Reba.
Oh, my gosh. Thank you.
So we're gonna have a blast,
and welcome to Reba Team.
Thank you. Oh, my gosh.
Thank you.
You have so much
potential,
and that's what coaches
are there for, to help you.
And we're gonna be lucky
and happy to have you here.
Thank you.
thank you so much.
Reba: Yay!
Gwen: Congratulations!
Reba: I think Rachele
will grow on the show.
You know, she's young,
but you see the possibilities
and the talent.
Oh, and also, you've got
the tots here, too.
Oh, my gosh!
I'm 68 years old,
been in the business
almost 50 years,
and I'm always looking
for a way to do things better.
I want to learn,
and I could see that with her.
There you go.
I got tots
from Reba!
[ Laughs ]
Gwen: I think when Reba turns
and I don't turn,
I feel like, "Whoa, did I,
like, miss something?
Did I make a mistake?"
Good deal.
I mean, she has more success
and more experience
than anybody here,
and she is a legend
and she is a threat.
Cute as a button.
Oh.
She's so cute.
She's so cute, yeah.
You're making those tater tots
look delicious right now.
They're so good.
Are they still good?
I was starving.
Yeah, they're still good.
So good.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Woman:
I love you, Niall!
I think Niall has a powerful,
powerful gravitational pull.
Girls can't resist
what girls can't resist.
[ Laughter ]
**
LVNDR: If one of the coaches
turns around for me,
I would just feel
so proud of myself.
From being so scared to even
talk to somebody in public
to now being in front
of, like, thousands of people.
All right, Come on.
Here's a big one now.
Come on, come on.
I do have a unique style
to what I do.
I just really hope
I'm what they're looking for.
* You used to call me
on my cellphone *
* Late night
when you need my love *
* Call me on my cellphone *
* Late night
when you need my love *
* I know when that
hotline bling *
* That can only mean
one thing *
Yeah.
* I know when that
hotline bling *
Whoo!
Yeah.
* 'Cause ever since
I left the city, you *
* Got a reputation
for yourself now *
* Everybody knows
and I feel left out *
* Boy, you got me down,
you got me stressed out *
Yes!
* Ever since I left
the city, you *
* You got exactly
what you asked for *
Yes!
* You're running out of pages
in your passport *
* And you're hanging with some
girls I've never seen before *
* You used to call me
on my cellphone *
Yeah, very cool.
Congratulations.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yeah!
**
Oh, my God.
Oh, my gosh.
That was perfection.
Thank you so much.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name is LVNDR,
I'm 27 years old,
and I'm from
Lowell, Michigan.
I have something for you guys.
The name is LVNDR.
I got the name because this is
what I use to keep myself calm,
and it's what I use
to keep myself zen.
Blue is for you 'cause I know
that's your favorite color.
Oh, look at me,
I'm in blue, too.
You know me.
Green is for you
'cause Ireland, you know.
Yeah, thank you.
Thanks very much.
Oh, 'cause of Ireland.
Red is for Miss Reba because,
you know.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're so welcome.
This is so cool.
Gwen, you have yellow 'cause
I know that's your favorite.
Oh, my God, yellow's
my favorite! Thank you.
Thank you.
Ooh, it smells
lavender.
John: That is so cool!
Gwen: Oh, my gosh,
that's amazing!
Thank you, LVNDR.
Thank you.
You're so welcome.
Oh, and it smells
good, too.
Yes, I wanted you guys
to have a little piece of me.
Oh, I love this.
It smells like a spa, oh.
Yeah, absolutely.
[ Chuckles ]
LVNDR, we got to talk
about what you just did
with this Drake song.
What I loved so much about it
was the vibe and the feel,
which was just magical
and transported me.
Your voice, your tone
was so slinky and ethereal,
and it felt
like this smells.
[ Laughter ]
Thank you.
That means a lot.
It was like, peaceful,
but also musically daring.
You made so many
great melodic choices
because you changed
almost the entire melody.
Do you write a lot
of your own original material?
So I only just started,
like, taking music seriously
a couple years ago.
I actually taught myself guitar
using, like, YouTube.
Me too.
Oh, you did?
Uh-huh.
I never showed anybody
that I could sing.
But you were
developing it.
Yeah, absolutely.
For me, you can sing
and you have a point of view
and you have a story to tell,
and I think that's
really beautiful
and it's really fun for me
to work with artists like that.
So I would love
to work with you.
It would be a joy.
Thank you for that
wonderful performance.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That was something
special.
Like, I was thinking, "Do I let
her finish the first sentence
before I press the button
or what?"
Because I just love
character,
and you've got it
in abundance.
I felt like I was
watching a movie
and just listening
to the soundtrack.
To say that you've been just
nurturing this in your bedroom,
just playing the guitar
off YouTube,
you remind me, like --
everything you said,
I was like, "Oh, yeah, I kind of
did the same thing --
sat on YouTube
on terrible dial-up."
It was going "beepity-beep beep,
beep beep."
You're old enough
for dial-up?
Yeah, man.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm old. I know you can't tell
from the face.
And I still haven't had
a guitar lesson to this day.
Same.
Yeah.
We're basically
the same person.
Oh, my gosh.
Those voices that
when you're facing away
and you get goose bumps
and your ears perk up --
because we're literally
just over there,
just, like,
staring at the wall
and hoping that someone comes
and catches our attention.
And you absolutely did that.
That was stunning.
I would absolutely love
to have you on my team.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I totally regret
not turning around.
I loved your voice,
loved your singing.
Best of luck to you,
and we're glad to have you
on "The Voice."
LVNDR, I'm excited
for you.
It's very beautiful
what you did.
Who do you choose
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
Oh, my.
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, LVNDR.
I'm gonna have
to go with Niall.
Yes!
[ Cheers and applause ]
John Legend -- EGOT schmegot.
Beat him all the way to LVNDR.
That was spectacular.
It was such a dreamy audition.
There's no doubt about it
that LVNDR's got it all.
I can't wait to see
what creativity she brings
to the battles.
Doesn't it smell good?
It does smell good.
I know that smell.
It smells exactly
like sweet victory.
I just want to lay
in a massage bed now.
I'm just gonna relax,
smell these essential oils,
and forget about
losing LVNDR to Niall.
[ Breathes deeply ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
**
Okay, we're almost halfway
through the blinds.
I'm almost halfway filled up
on Team Legend,
and I'm looking for somebody
that's going to amaze me.
I'm looking for that
goose-bump moment
with a big rock singer
or a big country singer.
I'm looking
for a big voice now.
I have, like,
such a good variety,
so I just want someone good.
I've got country singers.
I've got country
western singers.
Maybe a pop singer
would be great.
We'll see.
Fingers crossed.
This opportunity
is massive.
Singing in front of four
iconic musicians,
iconic vocalists, like,
it's -- it's wild.
It's too, too wild.
I'm Walking Eagle.
I'm 27 years old,
and I'm from Fairfax, Virginia.
All right, how about, like,
something ugly like, hey.
So Walking Eagle --
me and my three brothers,
we're the fifth generation
to have that name.
My dad is from the Fort Peck
Sioux and Assiniboine
Indian Reservation in Montana.
I am Dakota,
part of the Oceti Sakowin,
which means
"The Seven Council Fires."
Music is a huge part
of our culture
because there's a song
for everything.
My mom, she's from Jamaica,
so every time there was
a family gathering,
Bob Marley was always there.
I don't remember
what I learned first --
The Lord's Prayer
or the "Legend" album.
What's going on, guys?
Just making my way
into school here.
Now I teach music
at an elementary school.
Let's jam out in B.
Ready?
I like to bring my culture
into the classroom
because the only time
they see "an Indian"
is in the textbooks
or in the movies.
For them to see me
playing the guitar,
playing the drums,
teaching them,
it breaks the stereotypes
that are being planted
inside their minds.
You're carrying a torch
that was almost put out,
and I think of it
as a celebration.
**
I feel blessed to represent
my culture on this show.
These types of things
don't happen every day,
so I'm just gonna have fun,
and I'm excited
for what's coming.
**
[ Indistinct whispering ]
Let's go.
**
* Welcome to your life *
Wow.
* There's no turning back *
* Even while we sleep *
* We will find you *
* Acting on your
best behavior *
Come on, Gwen.
* Nothing ever
lasts forever *
Pretty.
* Everybody wants
to rule the world *
* There's a room where
the light won't find you *
* Holding hands while the walls
come tumbling down *
* When they do,
I'll be right behind you *
* So glad we've almost
made it *
Come on, come on,
guys, let's go.
* So sad they had
to fade it *
* Everybody wants
to rule the world *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Hey.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name's Walking Eagle.
I'm 27 and I'm from
Fairfax, Virginia.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I'm sorry
I didn't turn.
I'm actually in the middle
of covering that song
in my festival run
at the moment.
Really?
Yeah.
That's not
an easy song.
No.
I feel like with the couple
of pitch issues that there were,
I probably wouldn't
have noticed that
if there was just a little bit
more "I own the song," you know,
and just give it a bit of heart
and a bit of grit.
Thank you so much
for coming down
and being a part
of the show.
Tell us a little bit
about yourself.
Did you grow up
singing?
I've been singing
maybe about four years.
Really?
And just kind of started
doing, you know, open mics,
and with each and every
performance, I try to grow.
Your voice is very
welcoming,
and so it's a matter of when
you're making pop music,
it has to have a little bit
of that edge to it,
and it was almost
too sweet.
But I feel like
you're very close.
You've just got to tighten it up
a little bit, okay?
Thanks for coming
and singing for us.
It was really beautiful.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
Niall: I didn't turn
for Walking Eagle
because I just didn't get
that emotional connection.
I'm really waiting and listening
for that artist
who, first of all,
makes me feel something,
a bit of originality,
someone that can sing
from the heart
and you really believe
what they're saying
before you even see them.
* There's a room where
the light won't find you *
It was close,
like, at the beginning,
and then it started
to go off the rails a bit.
Yeah,
I almost hit my button.
I think the arrangement
could have been the original
and he could have
still sung like that
and it would have
stood out more, I think.
It's because it was so chilled
and he was so chilled
that all the pitch issues
were standing out.
So I wish it was --
[ Imitates drumbeat ]
Mm-hmm. It was just
too sweet.
Yeah.
**
Whenever I sing, they're like,
"Man, you can roar,"
"You can wail," or "You make
the crowd go crazy,"
so I thought,
roar, I am a lion.
I'm coming for you, baby.
[ Chuckles ]
My name is Jacquie Roar.
I'm 37, and I'm from
North Plains, Oregon.
I am a wedding deejay.
I do probably
30 weddings a year.
I am the natural party host.
Even though I don't seem
like a hopeless romantic,
I do love to watch people
being in love.
Aside from deejaying,
I also have a band --
Jacquie Roar Band.
We are one of three
country bands in Oregon
that's actually doing
really well.
She sings rock music
and country music.
She sounds like
Gwen Stefani.
Gwen Stefani?
I don't sound like her
very much, but...
You like her song
"Rich Girl."
* If I have all the money
in the world *
* I'd be a wealthy
gi-i-i-i-rl *
[ Laughs ]
Crack the eggs.
My daughter's name
is Leilani Nova.
She's six years old.
You're doing so good.
I also have
my boyfriend,
Jesse's daughter,
Georgia Valentine, so cute,
and she's seven.
Good job, baby.
[ Chuckles ]
Jacquie's been working at music
her whole entire life,
and I think
you're to the top --
you're...
Are you getting
emotional?
Yeah.
Aww!
[ Chuckles ]
My relationships,
especially in my 20s,
held me back
from all my music,
but my boyfriend is the most
supportive, loving person
you will ever meet.
I've never had that before.
You're gonna do
amazing.
You've been waiting
for this forever,
and they're gonna
turn around for you.
'Cause you're
beautiful.
Are you done yet,
of kissing?
[ Laughs ]
Go on, Gwenny,
Gwenny Girl.
Gwen: I'm ready.
Man: Here we go.
And action.
Jacquie: I think the country
industry is changing.
I mean, women are doing
more things
that they haven't done before.
There's a lot more bravery,
and I think that chair turn for
me would be the ultimate reward,
especially because my daughter
is gonna be watching.
You ready?
Mm-hmm.
I want her to be proud of me,
and I want to be a role model.
I want her to know she can do
whatever she wants,
and I just want her to run out
on the stage and hug me
because that would be
the most ultimate win for me.
**
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Mom.
**
* Well, I'm an
eight-ball-shooting *
* Double-fisted-drinking
son of a gun *
* I wear my jeans
a little tight *
* Just to watch them
little boys come undone *
Come on, Reba!
* I'm here for the beer
and the ball-busting band *
* Gonna get a little crazy
just because I can *
* You know I'm here
for the party *
* And I ain't leavin'
'til they throw me out *
* Gonna have a little fun,
gonna get me some *
* You know I'm here *
* Whoo! I'm here
for the party *
* Here for the party *
* Don't want no purple
hooter shooter *
Come on, John,
let's go!
John Legend!
* Don't mind me when I start
that trashy talk *
* You know I'm here
for the party *
She's pretty good.
* And I ain't leavin'
'til they throw me out *
* Gonna have a little fun,
gonna get me some *
* I'm heeere *
Yes!
* You know I'm here
for the party *
* And I ain't leavin'
'til they throw me out *
* Gonna have a little fun,
gonna get me some *
* You know I'm here *
* Whoo! I'm here
for the party *
Whoa!
* I'm here for the party *
Yes!
* Yeaaah, yeah, yeaaah *
Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Four chairs.
Yow!
[ Chuckles ]
John: Four chairs.
Jacquie: Whoo,
I lost an earring!
You left it all
on the floor.
[ Laughter ]
Well, I've heard
of dropping the mic,
but never dropping
their earrings.
That was
a great closer there.
[ Laughter ]
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name is Jacquie Roar.
I'm 37, and I'm from
North Plains, Oregon.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I love your outfit.
Thank you.
Looks great.
And I really liked
your song choice.
I'm very familiar
with that.
Your range
is incredible.
I love the low parts
and the high parts,
and you did a great job.
Welcome to "The Voice."
Thank you.
Be honest, Jacquie,
did you already plan
to pick Reba
if she turned
around for you?
Is this a -- just a formality
that we're going through?
I promised myself
I would hear everybody out.
Aw, good answer.
Fair enough.
The boots
was a giveaway.
[ Laughter ]
I have rhinestone
on my jacket,
I just want you
to know.
[ Laughter ]
Hi, Jacquie.
Hello, Niall.
That was insane.
Thank you.
I wanted to hear
some dynamic,
and the minute
you came back down
and showed us that low end
of your rock voice,
it was like listening to Stevie,
to Steven Tyler.
It was so good
to listen to.
The song choices that are in
the scope for you are endless.
Anything from Lenny Kravitz
to Aerosmith, any of that stuff,
you're gonna be
a showstopper on the show,
and I would love
to have you on my team.
Thank you.
I'm just getting
to know Reba,
and I'm a little intimidated
by her greatness, of course.
And like the whole
country genre,
I feel like I'm this weird --
adopted into the Okie world,
like, it's just --
the whole thing is weird.
We all know it is.
Um...
[ Laughter ]
Such pressure.
It is a lot of pressure.
I want you to like me.
[ Laughter ]
Anyways, I've lived your dream
already in so many ways
as a female artist,
and I would love
to work with you.
I feel like I'm in
this new period of my life
where I really learned a lot
about country music
and fell in love
with country music
in a way I never
thought I would,
and I would love for you
to be on Team Gwen.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Hi, Jacquie.
Hi, John.
[ Chuckles ]
John Legend.
I know the obvious choice
is to go with Team Legend
in this case.
[ Laughter ]
Why is that, John?
It's ob--
It's just obvious.
Is it?
It's so obvious.
I don't think it is.
Wow.
'Cause our jackets
match, kind of.
This one's from Vegas.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughter ]
I really think you're gonna
do really well on the show
because your voice
is so powerful
and you really do
have range.
You took it up all the way
at the end there,
and the growl
and everything,
it just showed that you can do
so much with that voice.
Congratulations. You're here.
You're a four-chair turn.
I would love to work with you
as the obvious choice,
and I'm just looking forward to
you being part of Team Legend.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
They've really had
some good pointers there,
but as you can see,
I've got my award-winning
belt buckle here.
So, you know, you and I are kind
of on the same vein of thinking,
winning, working together,
and win this whole sucker.
We could do this
the whole show, okay?
"Win this whole sucker."
"The whole sucker."
It's time to decide,
Jacquie.
[ Audience shouting ]
Can I have my daughter
come help me pick?
Oh, my goodness.
Absolutely.
Your daughter's
helping you.
Daly: You want to go up?
Go, Leilani.
Oh, you're cute.
Does your daughter know
a band called One Direction?
Hello.
Oh, look at her
little boots.
John: Look at this
cutie pie.
Reba: Love it.
Hi, there.
What's your name?
Leilani.
Leilani,
love that.
Leilani.
Leilani, are you going
to help Mom decide?
Who do you think
I should pick?
Pick a coach?
You should pick, like, a girl
that wears a little bow.
Like, a little -- Look,
look at my pretty dress.
[ Laughter ]
Oh, my gosh.
Look how cute I am.
[ Audience shouting ]
You want to say it
for me?
Look at my
matching jacket.
Gwen.
Gwen!
We pick Gwen.
* If I was a rich girl *
* Na, na, na, na, na, na, na,
na, na, na, na *
Oh, my gosh!
Thank you!
Leilani!
Oh, my gosh! Thank you!
I love you!
Gwen: Jacquie is beautiful.
She has stage presence.
She has style.
She kind of has
a whole package.
* 'Cause I'd have all the money
in the world *
* If I was a wealthy girl *
She's really cute.
Here you go, babe.
Here you go.
Thanks for picking me.
What an angel.
So cute.
Leilani: I really like
your songs.
She likes my songs!
What? Like, wait.
Did I beat Reba on that one?
Did I?
I always wanted to see you
in real life.
Oh, my God.
Here we are, finally.
Congratulations
to everybody.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for me.
Thanks for fighting
for me,you.
[ Laughter ]
I thought I had that.
[ John laughs ]
You brought the belt buckle out,
Reba.
I'm bringing all
the big guns out now.
Every time I've gone up
against Reba for country,
it's like you kind of
want to beat her
'cause you want to be
like, "Oh, I beat Reba,"
but then you kind of
are like,
"I don't ever want
to really beat Reba.
She's the queen."
So it's definitely
a bittersweet thing,
and I just feel blessed
to be able to have some
country artists on my team.
I won!
Fantastic.
Oh, my gosh. I'm pretty sure
that I'm on fire right now.
This is for you guys.
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
In heels, no doubt.
**